---
title: The New Blog!
author: anthonyhuang07
date: 2022-08-23 17:52:00 -0400
categories: [Non-Tech]
tags: [first blog, non-tech, faq]
---

## Welcome to the new Blog!

Welcome to the new ~~`anthonyhuang07.github.io`~~- I mean the `ah07.xyz` blog! Much more optimized... and that's about it? I don't really have to worry about layouting and archiving, and instead of using HTML I'm finally using Markdown to write stuff, makes this all much easier.

## FAQ

Not really frequently asked (because nobody reads all this LOL) but here are some questions I'll clear up in case you're wondering.

### Why did you get rid of the old blog?

Hard to optimize, written with disgusting code everywhere, and archiving was annoying.

### Did you make this entire page?

No. I used Jekyll themes, because making this all myself would probably take more than a week. I also really like this look, and it comes with everything needed for a blog in the first place.

### Why not use something like WordPress?

I was going to, until I realized GitHub Pages had themes built-in. They all looked ugly though, so I looked at more Jekyll themes outside of GitHub, and found this. It was way harder to set up than a pre-built Jekyll Theme in GitHub though. (It also made me hate Ruby)

### Will you redo the Blog again?

Maybe, if I get to learn more about JavaScript and CSS, I will make my own. I do not want to deal with Jekyll and Ruby, and this site also uses SCSS, which I haven't learned yet.

### What happened to the old Blogs?

They're still saved, just not accessible anywhere. They're still stored as HTML files, so there's no CSS.

- [May 2022](/archive/may2022.html)
- [June 2022](/archive/june2022.html)
- [July 2022](/archive/july2022.html)

### What will this new Blog have?

I will be blogging about programming stuff, such as new things that got released or stuff I made. Also computers, new things companies have rolled out and my thoughts on them.

### No comments?

I don't want to set up a Disqus account, if you want to share your thoughts just contact me on Discord at `FHDHGNGN#6050`.

## That's It!

Enjoy (or don't give a damn) about this new Blog! 